09-16-minutes.md fix typos noticed while reading (#56)
w3ctag/meetings: 2025/09-Hong-Kong/09-16-minutes.md

Martin: but why would it?

Jeffrey: I think they're making it so the default is private, and if it needs to it uses cookies. All or nothing. We don't want that but OAuth isn't able to do partial privileges

Matthew: Can we 'make that so'

Martin: It's more nuanced than that - e.g. NYT - you have to be able to get past the paywall...

Jeffrey: ...but then it could upgrade your subscription.

... Same example as looking at Facebook posts (need to be logged in), but those same cookies give the model the ability to create posts

> ... It'd be nice if OAuth allowed you to reliablly ask for a lower scope. Perhaps The Guardian model 
> 
> Matthew: I don't why The Guardian needs to be a model.

Reviewer: This was actually about an LLM acting as a guardian, not [The Guardian](https://www.theguardian.com/).

```suggestion
... It'd be nice if OAuth allowed you to reliably ask for a lower scope. Perhaps the guardian model can make this request.

Matthew: I don't why the guardian needs to be a model.
```
